Layers, along with animations and directions, are the fundamental building blocks
of a sprite style in "Top Down Sprite Maker". Sprite styles are designed to compose
layers in a paper doll system to generate sprites.

Layers in TDSM have two purposes: assembly and customization. Layers that have a
visual component and constitute a part of the sprite composition are known as
"assembly layers" or "visual layers", while layers that have a choice for users
to make are known as "customization layers" or "non-trivial layers" (in contrast
to "trivial layers" that have no choice). These categories are not mutually
exclusive. Certain layer types, such as "asset choice layers", for example, can
be both assembly and customization layers.

Layer types

    "Top Down Sprite Maker" supports several types of layers. These are:

    Asset layer

        Trivial visual layer that composes an image asset

    Asset choice layer

        Non-trivial visual layer that has the user choose from multiple image
        assets. It may be possible for users to choose to assign no selection.
        Asset choice layers can be combined with dependent layers that match
        their choice to facilitate asset selections that span multiple layers.
        (Example: defining hairstyle as an asset choice layer with a dependent
        layer to represent the back of the head, rendered below the base head)

    Choice layer

        Customization layer that has the user choose from multiple text prompts.
        Choice layers are usually queried by other logic-based layers like decision
        layers or composed layers to determine their contents.

    Color selection layer

        Customization layer consisting of one or more color selections.

        Note:
        Perhaps counterintuitively, color selection layers are not visual/assembly
        layers. Though changing the value assigned to a color selection has visual
        consequences for the assembled sprite sheet, color selections are not an
        assembled visual component in and of themselves.

    Composed layer

        Assembly layer consisting of a function that takes a sprite ID (such as
        "left-walk-1" as input) returns an image representing the layer's assembly
        component.

        > Often depends on the values of other layers

    Decision layer

        An ambiguous layer that uses logic to determine which layer it yields to...
        > the user for customization
        > to the assembler for sprite sheet assembly

        Decision layers should either always or never return customization layers.

    Dependent layer

        Dependent layers complement asset choice layers. However, they are trivial,
        as their selections are tied to a specific asset choice layer's selection.

    Group layer

        A collection of multiple layers. Group layers are useful for cases where
        multiple layers have to be represented as a single layer, such as when
        such a layer should serve as potential output for a decision layer.

    Mask layer

        Auxiliary layer that uses logic to determine an alpha mask. Mask layers can
        affect one or multiple layers, erasing pixels of its target layers that are
        captured by its alpha mask.

    Math layer

        Customization layer that can be assigned an integer value from within a
        range. This value is then operated on by other layers.
